Switch Composer docs from WPackagist to WP Packages (#10063)
pantheon-systems/documentation: src/source/content/guides/wordpress-configurations/08-installing-updating-from-third-party-sources.md

For more information about using WordPress and Composer, refer to our [Integrated Composer documentation](https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/integrated-composer).
For an example of how to use a custom Composer repository for a premium plugin, see our [Object Cache Pro documentation for our WordPress (Composer Managed) upstream](https://docs.pantheon.io/object-cache/wordpress#installation-and-configuration-for-composer-managed-wordpress-sites).

> For WordPress, [WP Packages](https://wp-packages.org) acts as a Composer-based mirror of the WordPress.org plugin and theme repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For WordPress, [WP Packages](https://wp-packages.org) and [WPackagist](https://wpackagist.org) act as a Composer-based mirrors of the WordPress.org plugin and theme repository.
```

> WP Packages allows Composer-based WordPress installs to require any plugin or theme that exists in the WordPress repository. Referencing plugins through WP Packages will pull code from WordPress.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WP Packages and WPackagist allow Composer-based WordPress installs to require any plugin or theme that exists in the WordPress repository. Referencing plugins through WP Packages or WPackagist will pull code from WordPress.org.
```
